like the ball
the kid of the intellect of his work
impossible for anyone who throws 1
slovenia 0 did ricardo álvarez
but leaving Argentina did not come first
arrival in depth the selected one of
sabella and ricky alvarez stones your change
of usual rhythm changed it to goal
justly
short delivery stevanovic back
gave the ball to ricky they were 2
against 2 ricky faced him
cease
and obviously before the central
decide to press it because it was
retreating to cover her place not
it's another thing to leave the lifeline
ready at the height of the center
with agüero body now di Maria
prepared for empanada in Paraguay
the low for messi
good preliminary triangulation would continue and
Pepsi
with the appointment to the most anticipated appointment
in Argentina will have game river of
janeiro a belo horizonte for quart la
World Cup Argentina 2 Slovenia 0
he did the idol and capital gave back and
good again scored a goal messi with
the team jersey always
He expects to see him in a court that yields
appear and after the offensives that
Aguero joined
and the new di maria messi packaging that
had ripped from our left
staff is stabilizing crashing
with the edges the 9 is not the received of
front and here he had no doubts could start
this good archer that I'm milk
favorable the tide pass correctly
located on the fly to lower it head first and
this trident that one expects to see with the
higuain company
on June 15 in eight days